Nwood newtoc (#8)
riscv-non-isa/riscv-security-model: specification/src/chapter1.adoc

[[chapter1]]

== Introduction

> This specifications provides guidelines for how Risc-V systems can use Risc-V security building blocks to build secure systems for different use cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This specifications provides guidelines for how RISC-V systems can use RISC-V security building blocks to build secure systems for different use cases.
```

> It does this through a few example uses cases based on commonly used profiles. This is not intended to be exhaustive, it is expected that the principles described in the chosen example are general enough to be applicable to other use cases as well. But the examples may be extended over time as required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The guidelines are listed through a few example uses cases based on commonly used profiles. The guidelines are not intended to be exhaustive; it is expected that the principles described in the chosen examples are general enough to be applicable to other use cases as well. The examples may be extended over time as required.
```

=== Requirements and tracking

Where this specification makes formal recommendations, those are captured as trackable requirements using the following format:

[width=100%]
[%header, cols="5,20"]
|===
| ID#     
| Requirement

| CAT_NNN  
| The `CAT` is a category prefix that logically groups the requirements and is followed by 3 digits - `NNN` - assigning a numeric ID to the requirement. +
The requirements use the key words "MUST", "MUST NOT", "REQUIRED", "SHALL", "SHALL NOT", "SHOULD", "SHOULD NOT", "RECOMMENDED", "NOT RECOMMENDED", "MAY", and "OPTIONAL" that are to be interpreted as described in https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc2119.txt[RFC 2119] when, and only when, they appear in all capitals, as shown here. When these words are not capitalized, they have their normal English meanings.             
|===

A requirement or a group of requirements may be followed by non-normative text providing context or justification for the requirement. The non-normative text may also be used to reference sources that are the origin of the requirement.

Trackable requirements are intended for ease of reference across dependant specifications. 

=== Relationship to external profiles

> For the purpose of this specification, external profiles apply to existing ecosystems or segments, but do not generally mandate implementations or architectures. This specification does not aim to establish new profiles. Its main purpose is to provide guidelines for how Risc-V security building blocks can be used to build Risc-V products which can comply with existing profiles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the purpose of this specification, external profiles apply to existing ecosystems or segments, but do not generally mandate implementations or architectures. This specification does not aim to establish new profiles. Its main purpose is to provide guidelines for how RISC-V security building blocks can be used to build RISC-V products which can comply with existing profiles.
```
